Improve the API documentation and markdown files (#198)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-nats: nats-ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

This module provides the capability to send and receive messages by connecting to the NATS server.

> NATS messaging enables the communication of data that is segmented into messages among computer applications and services. Data is encoded and framed as a message and sent by a publisher. The message is received, decoded, and processed by one or more subscribers. NATS makes it easy for programs to communicate across different environments, languages, cloud providers and on-premise systems. Clients connect to the NATS system, usually via a single URL, and then subscribe or publish messages to a subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NATS messaging enables the communication of data that is segmented into messages among computer applications and services. Data is encoded and framed as a message and sent by a publisher. The message is received, decoded, and processed by one or more subscribers. NATS makes it easy for programs to communicate across different environments, languages, cloud providers, and on-premise systems. Clients connect to the NATS system usually via a single URL and then subscribe or publish messages to a subject.
```

### Basic Usage

> #### Setting up the connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting up the Connection
```

> First step is setting up the connection with the NATS Basic server. The following ways can be used to connect to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to set up the connection with the NATS Basic server. The following ways can be used to connect to a
```

NATS Basic server.

> 1. Connect to a server using the default URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect to a server using the default URL:
```

```ballerina
nats:Client natsClient = check new(nats:DEFAULT_URL);
```

> 2. Connect to a server using the URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Connect to a server using the URL:
```

```ballerina
nats:Client natsClient = check new("nats://serverone:4222");
```

> 3. Connect to one or more servers with custom configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect to one or more servers with custom configurations:
```

```ballerina
nats:ConnectionConfiguration config = {
    connectionName: "my-nats",
    noEcho: true
};
nats:Client natsClient = check new(["nats://serverone:4222",  "nats://servertwo:4222"],  config);
```

> #### Publishing messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Publishing Messages
```

> ##### Publishing messages to the NATS basic server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Publishing Messages to the NATS Basic Server
```

> Once connected, publishing is accomplished via one of the below three methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected, publishing is accomplished via one of the three methods below.
```

> 1. Publish with the subject, and the message content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Publish with the subject and the message content:
```

```ballerina
string message = "hello world";
nats:Error? result = 
    natsClient->publishMessage({ content: message.toBytes(), subject: "demo.nats.basic"});
```

> 2. Publish as a request that expects a reply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Publish as a request that expects a reply:
```

```ballerina
string message = "hello world";
nats:Message|nats:Error reqReply = 
    natsClient->requestMessage({ content: message.toBytes(), subject: "demo.nats.basic"}, 5);
```

> 3. Publish messages with a replyTo subject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Publish messages with a `replyTo` subject:
```

```ballerina
string message = "hello world";
nats:Error? result = natsClient->publish({ content: message.toBytes(), subject: "demo.nats.basic",
                                                    replyTo: "demo.reply" });
```

> #### Listening to incoming messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Listening to Incoming Messages
```

> ##### Listening to messages from a NATS server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Listening to Messages from a NATS Server
```

> 1. Listen to incoming messages with `onMessage` remote method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Listen to incoming messages with the `onMessage` remote method:
```

```ballerina
// Binds the consumer to listen to the messages published to the 'demo.example.*' subject
@nats:ServiceConfig {
    subject: "demo.example.*"
}
service nats:Service on new nats:Listener(nats:DEFAULT_URL) {

    remote function onMessage(nats:Message message) {
    }
}
```

> 2. Listen to incoming messages and reply directly with `onRequest` remote method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Listen to incoming messages and reply directly with the `onRequest` remote method:
```

```ballerina
// Binds the consumer to listen to the messages published to the 'demo.example.*' subject
@nats:ServiceConfig {
    subject: "demo.example.*"
}
service nats:Service on new nats:Listener(nats:DEFAULT_URL) {

    // The returned message will be published to the replyTo subject of the consumed message
    remote function onRequest(nats:Message message) returns string? {
        return "Reply Message";
    }
}
```

### Advanced Usage

#### Setting up TLS

The Ballerina NATS module allows the use TLS in communication. This setting expects a secure socket to be
set in the connection configuration as shown below.

> ##### Configuring TLS in `nats:Listener`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Configuring TLS in the `nats:Listener`
```
